# 📝 Meeting Minutes  

**Date:** June 8, 2025  
**Time:** 12:00 PM PDT  
**Duration:** 1 hour  
**Attendees:**  

- Olumide Kolawole  
- Kervens Louis  
- Oleksandr Maksymikhin  

---

## 🗣️ Key Discussion Points

### GitHub Collaboration & Communication

- Oleksandr raised a concern regarding **increased GitHub activity** to
reflect collaboration, provide time-stamped updates, and improve
project transparency.
- The group agreed that **active use of Git** is encouraged.  
  - Even if members are not yet comfortable, it’s okay to learn as we go.
  - We will support one another in using Git and GitHub more consistently.
  - Google Docs can be used in parallel, but GitHub should remain the primary
  tool for collaboration.

### Brainstorming Folder Structure

- **Olumide** will create a `collaboration/` folder on GitHub for
our **divergent thinking phase**.
  - Each group member will have an individual Markdown file to
document their **research question(s)**.
  - This encourages independence while maintaining group visibility.

### Repository Organization

- The repo doesn’t need to be perfect now.
  - We'll **focus on progress over perfection**.
  - Clean-up and full reorganization can be done toward the **end of the project**.
  - For now, we will keep it as tidy as reasonably possible.

---

## 📅 Deadlines & Action Items

### 🔹 By **June 10**

- Each member should:
  - Contribute their divergent research questions.
  - Create a personal `.md` file inside the `collaboration/` folder.
  - Ensure the research question is **specific**, **feasible**, and
  reflects what we've been taught.
  - Review class materials and **seek help** if needed.
  - Choose problems with **realistic solutions** and **readily available data**.

### 🔹 By **June 12**

- Combine all questions into a single file.
- Create a **polling system** to vote on the **top 3 research questions**.
- Hold a discussion to debate and refine the top choice.
  - If there is a tie or uncertainty, consult **Evan, Carlos, or Ian**
from MIT’s Emerging Talent team for guidance.

### 🔹 By **June 14–15**

- Each member will:
  - Complete and post their **domain research**.
  - Place it in a `convergent/` folder on GitHub.
  - Include individual `.md` files with clearly written summaries
  and citations where relevant.

### Official Project Deadline **June 16**

- We can still post content after this and continuing working on this if needed,
but we encourage team members to have reliable sources and appropriate
deliverable by this deadline.

---

## 🎥 Meeting Recordings & Logistics

- **Kervens Louis** will take over scheduling Google Meet sessions.
  - He has a premium account and will **record meetings** when needed to
  support absent team members.

---

## ✅ Summary

- Emphasis on GitHub for collaboration.
- Brainstorming folder structure to be set up by Olumide.
- Clear deadlines for divergent thinking, voting, and domain research.
- Kervens will manage meeting logistics and recordings.

---
